---
title: In the future, I will say "You're stupid", but I don't know why yet
date: 2021-05-23 07:00:00
tags: ['Life']
---

It's almost a month you're ignoring me. Still remembering that day, when you're
showing up like that. Things happen so quick in my time scale, in our time
scale. Even though the third person says "after a long time." weeks earlier
before, I ask whether someone was chasing you, have a crush on you. Don't you
ever think about it. I knew before you might even realized it. And... your just
say "no, there were not." Time goes on, and I keep asking same thing. You stand
with that answer. Until the day when I got a strong bad feeling. Probably the
day when someone propose it. You said the same answer, but different tone this
time. I want to stay positive. But the one guy was just persistently hanging
around with you. You're making excuse, that it was not just him. You friend with
boys. Yes I already know. I never disallow you. But why you're mad at me like
that. Said that you hate me being person that disallow you friend with them. I
never. I just feel like that one was different. Are you in love with him just
because his presence? What am I?

I knew you have someone else. Not just this time. But I never consider you
cheating. It was just your stupidity, leads to your own burden. If I recall the
pattern, it stood between 4-5 months. Until it becomes toxic and you wanna get
away from it. And... being nice to me "again." Something more pissed me of this
time. I couldn't control myself and confess you everything. Maybe it would be
better if I pretend like I didn't know. Like I used to. And keep our
conversation like a best friend. Anyway, It's almost a month. I need to be
patient. In our time scale it's not that long.

I see something, in future I will say that "You're stupid." I don't know, why.
But I look so pissed and relived at the same time. Maybe because you come back
to me. Maybe it's just my imagination. But if that happens, I'm sorry and thank
you.

Right now, cracking rocks with little water droplets may look like useless. But
it's not, it just require more time. To wait until earthquake helps cracking
it...
